hi angel if a trailer boat magazine
behind me a familiar face
it's the Clearwater 2150 by Whitley
marine in Melbourne what we've come out
today to explore is not so much the boat
but what's powering it a new F 200 from
Yamaha this particular one runs the new
digital throttle and new gauges can't
wait to give it a try
all right so I know we came out to test
Yamaha's new F 200 G on the back of the
2150 clear water it's a different boat
to the one we've just been on previously
the SL 28 feels like an ice breaker but
one that handles like a go-kart this
feels like a go-kart that handles like a
go-kart the F 200 F I must say is not an
outboard engine it's not a motor of any
sort it's an absolutely religious
experience if you look at the repower
about of this size whether with singles
or twins or you're looking at fitting up
your new boat with something in that 150
to 225 horsepower range you really got
to try one of these motives
now this is something I've been really
keen to play with new F 200 G the F 200
F the previous model to this engine has
been on the market for about eight nine
months now the difference between the
two engines is this one runs a digital
throttle and also runs Volvo's five inch
digital gauge a brilliant setup what we
were running talk wise power wise
exactly the same as the F 200 F it might
be a little quieter but to be honest
both engines are so quiet you wouldn't
even notice the motors running believe
it or not it's just they're gentle
Harvick and year in the background and
here with the residual Mirena noise
around us it's an Kilda you wouldn't
even know that the engine was switched
on I've been impressed with this motor
ever since we first tried it out about
six to eight months ago and I've just
been as impressed the second time around
the F 200 G from Yamaha it's going to
take some beating this is the smallest
engine in the Yamaha range to actually
carry this multifunction gauge and I
absolutely love it it works a treat
it's compact on the dash which means you
can fit other gear around it it's easy
to operate and it's brilliant to view in
direct sunlight the clear water 21:50 by
Whitley Marine has been on the market
for a few years now and to be honest
it's still as good a family boat as it
was when we first saw it probably four
or five years ago it's a nice big
cockpit with toes under underneath the
molded side pockets loads of storage
including some rod racks I love the
stainless steel hand holes great for the
family or great if you're getting a bit
rickety in your old age
compact bait board with a little
stainless draw you've got provisions in
your two rear wells to have either one
or both plumb as live wells you've got
plenty of rod holders fitted nice wide
flat comings good head height under the
stainless steel canopy which has a nice
clean line to it you notice there's a
factory fitted Bimini fitted along with
front and side clears really well set up
arrangement coming forward you've got a
decent open - glove box place for marine
radio in stereo
system in this particular boat wit Lea
fitted a 9 inch hybrid touch Raymarine
system a really compact unit that's
really really clever hydraulic steering
my seat design that actually swivels all
the way around and once again
Yamaha's new active digital throttle
control if you're in the market for a go
anywhere family boat that you can take
offshore with your mates this has got to
be one to put on your short list and
don't forget as always check out the
full story on trial about the comdata
you or grab the mag from the stands